---
layout: post
title: "#DubaiNYC"
date: 2015-09-03 11:18:58
category: lifestyle
image: etihad.png
---
Heading to the UAE tonight with my beautiful fiancé for a 10 day vacation.

Our passports haven't gotten much action lately as we haven't been out the country in a while; but this past thanksgiving when I heard about the Etihad airfare glitch last thanksgiving and I know that was going to change as the price was too good to pass by.  We are flying into Abu Dhabi and then heading to Atlantis The Palm Hotel &amp; Resort in Dubai.  We are super excited about our 3 night stay as there is so much to do - from the water park, which boast having the highest water slide in the world, swimming with dolphins and sea lions, the aquarium, and so many food options.  We are most excited about the brunch at Saffrons on friday.  I have heard great things about it.

After our 3 nights at Atlantis, we heading to the Taj Dubai located in business bay directly across from the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Mall.  We have 2 nights there in which we will try to eat some good food, smoke some shisha, climb to the tallest outdoor observatory in the world, and just relax and enjoy our time together.

Finally we will head back to Abu Dhabi where we will be staying at the St. Regis on Saadiyat Island.  I'm super excited about this stretch of our stay as every has had nothing but great things to say about this hotel and the area as well.  We have a few activities planned while in Abu Dhabi but we plan to play it by ear as there are a lot of things we want to see and do.  We will be traveling back to Dubai once more as we have booked a yacht excursion around the palms with some of our friends who will be meeting us out there.

I am super excited, will try to take many pictures and will share with you guys when we return. #DubaiNYC